and then on Thursday
oi valesca sol thursday 5 march 2020 19 hours in brasília elisângela
our pound interpreter my right side known jorge safe our
secretary is for fisheries has some good news for the piece to grow
while in the past the square and culture 4.9 percent almost died from there
for five percent that your face culture pass curiosity i'm seeing some here
numbers here here, you know, on average, how much weight she received in this one, the weight of
slaughtering it around 800 and 900 grams almost a kilogram altered reason that
luhmann tilápia this is her commercial weight to make the filet that to be
worth it is that it is a great cooperative the voice comes from there old black there worship
barrier against bahia yet or it’s alright it’s basically it’s because it’s
growing logical that there is in this private in the first place
the method of the Brazilian entrepreneurial hero first looks at a lot
bureaucracy is seeing a lot of paper here that this one is done captain is a
ask I don’t know if you’re seeing this here Brazil the federal government headquarters
waters of the union in that session of waters of the union and formerly the interested for
getting these airs is to be able to grow your fish your aquatic organism is seaweed
oyster mariculture needed to deliver this here in some superintendency
federal are two volumes for secretariat of fisheries 2 volumes for navy two
volumes for sp ue two volumes for ana missus get there ok just do what you have
people are going to deal with all this in olhão and authorized it imagine in time, that is to say more
as I understand it will not read the old has process that took up to 13 years to
get your license to be able to create your goldfish there what is the
great hello you who are watching us who have
interest in being a part of growing fish in union waters that we today
we have 73 hydroelectric plants there with the possibility of 4 million tons
of fish production in Brazil now enter the gov.br portal and there in the bar
research writes union waters or sign with the at the end that the national system of
waters of union and then all this personal stuff that you needed to carry on your back
and take it to the superintendencies you do right from your computer and detail
captain can follow step by step online without leaving home real exchange
how long there to have you manage to get down debt first from
first time you take a sheet of paper until the license the average today of
union water delivery is 3 to 4 years but we want to deliver within 15
months the session the title of assignment and the producer I trolego it looks a little
exaggerated 15 months not yet but see that there are several government agencies that
they need to authorize not only guarulhos secretariat
oh for god's sake let's congratulate you now for 15 months is excellent like me
I have been talking to the lookout well, then give me a license to make the PCs
small hydroelectric power plants that have already realized that it can create its
fish is also a lot of cute balls until now it would be a is a heritage that we
we received it is not possible to get the pen here cléo to solve there ok there are laws that
we have to have you changed an environmental decree it can only be revoked by
example by law by law and another thing is just a hundred of those to mental I
I don’t think Brazil will take me if you want to sauté some 20 present you have to
be a bill for each one this delay delays you to start producing
something i cost brazil on top of that it really is is difficult right or
we had to try knowing the group of one is almost one some 80 entrepreneurs são paulo
are the mega entrepreneurs from all over brazil it was there it took us 6 minutes it was there the
paulo guedes is andré there was braga grandson in the house of the house of the civil house
ricardo salles environment jorge oliveira a meeting where we go there
to listen to the businessmen there I saw a lot that is up to us to solve
then the presidential decree, right, ministerial decree and also norms of the
federal revenue the impressive paulo then the land was kind of scared right
how revenue gets in the way in some areas involving us in brazil is the thing
terrible terrible pornography right well well we rescheduled a new meeting to
we scheduled for in June and some for the same some of what was presented
ours I will take the solution to the business community and what was very
ah ok i know entrepreneurs here they are happy what is happening with the
the economy of brazil is ok so i never felt so confident in the government's work
as a whole with regard to production the economy to all areas of brazil the
people see the press on the other side criticizing, right, talking badly from gib to pedrinho
pedrinho don't know what these guy produce press produce if any
thing because truth Brazil would be much better with all this but not
produces truth I have been for almost two weeks without speaking to the press that
happens when you tell them about you, when you don’t talk they make it up
starting the same thing for the place explained the question of gib very well there
if it’s going to take into account the last few years it’s has had ups and downs so the
government dilma and we created two 22 years that you liked negative 3.5 3.5 gib
percent there we wish it wasn't negative in the first government to fear already
I recovered it went from minus 3.3 ok plus a point three so the
growth from 4.6 to growth in growth unlike the negative
positive of 4.6 in the second government fears a point ours gave a point one but the
detail that is being in a hurry didn’t notice right and I didn’t understand economics
ipiranga post who understands to see he explained the people there that the great part
of participation in the gip now in the last quarter was 1.7 percent so if
it was a right point in each quarter it would be a right point you above a
point 3 the government feared but said the king much more participation from
private initiative than the public service
and in the collection to make the final number of the clip so it's fine with the
family thanks to god according to paulo guedes here has witnessed economic and
proven by businessmen in são paulo so the press continues to win
more and more discredit is unfortunate what happens to the Brazilian press let's
there continuing here second party yesterday the veto of article 52 was voted there in
budget that had that history of 30 billion hit that whoever defines the
The destination of this work would be the national congress.
voted the veto was maintained by 398 a2 in some games up front will have a
bargain for 15 million mind shamelessly not listening to that kind of
negotiation the understanding for parliament and whoever executes budget
form is the executive branch and the end is now the one that had excess of
collection there that may not be due to the regulations that send talking
discuss with the Brazilian parliament the song is mine to see the ice and announce the
guarantee of law and order ended we have eight days for the agency for more
seven right and on the fifth day of the 2nd extension an agreement was made he
decided the issue of the police strike look what I said strike the press in
previous governments spoke of a strike when my government arrived I can speak the
that the dumb and the difference mother is the name of a strike ready this press
here it’s no use that I’m not going to change because I’m on the side of
It is true that you have to change only, you’re right, but okay, it solved the problem
now let it be clear we’re going to hinder jelly look how come I don’t
I want we will not make it difficult because my responsibility you send
young people of 20 21 22 units who are longing to engage the king to engage
armed forces to enter a front line a sale
the idea a happens a problem is not fair you condemn up to 40 a chain
soldier who can be your son right the bottom up to 40 years in prison we
we need exclusionary from illegality I got element accidents fulfill their
logical mission without access and goes home quietly otherwise combat there died three
four five ten or fifteen thugs I will not answer so this is it will
after all it is our responsibility to give this straight
now military legal could work and when talking about military I’m talking about the
20 year old young man who has his girlfriend that I liked on the beach goes on
stadium see your football team over the weekend and suddenly fulfilling a mission
in the previous week kills that confrontation kills bandits and you your average
where military turret isn’t a crime tomorrow the full responsibility for accuracy
I hope to talk about another pot so you don't want to go back without a problem, right, defendant
I can interfere in the Brazilian parliament, but on our part, you know, I
I will make it difficult as it has the algerian responsibility
I’m not here, look, I’m talking, they will hardly be put into practice
on the part of my government and the justification I'm giving exactly this
that I don't want you to do mandatory military service for
engaged, you are a father, you have a pressure son who is serving there as time to pray in
your loved ones after the service I mission you will come up to a prisoner in jail will
come out when is it 20 30 40 this is an irresponsibility the land and let's
try to resolve this issue there generating, I don’t know, the governor was resolved there
camilo did it thanks twitter thanks is our participation there okay until
nothing more to do with the ideological question the state that needs to fit in and
having the urine rear we will put ageli in practice ok but now
the lesson is right, it gives people a bellyache, remember theirs, the dough is
impressive right it rained strength but it is health crisis armed forces I saw
the strength but it gave my stomach pain in the galley remember the armed forces all right fishing
let me see one more topic here to entertain the one you think
go well here i was going to speak in miami then i am mending miami is from colombo na no
Saturday morning for the united states we will make a scale of moro in good
seen denilson is there organizing a meeting is that the friendly psol there the
causes of the government to descend now is not a candidate for anything right the government defends
let's deal with the tucuruí linhão operation hosted by indigenous reserves
mining reserves gallery on indigenous lands among other things this
we intend to deal with this pressure on federal deputies
governing senators are invited but that will not open the floor because
in fact it will be an hour and a half it will be 50 minutes where mine are going
of some ministers still with me to explain to the population and to everyone what
we’re going to do something about it then and invite them to metals the authorities
more please, I cannot speak, but you will speak and you will not
to be able to say anything that we will not have time to speak seeing time to speak but
there will hardly be this time I thank you in advance
and denilson who is organizing this meeting of ours online in good view
and there’s nothing to reap the signature of a record there’s no such thing
right this meeting is not going to be political it is going to be the meeting of provision of
accounts our work and what we are doing to make that the motto ro
stop being an isolated area in Brazil due to the lack of energy it has and has
rivers there in the reserve no i don't know the cotingo river valley tell me i don't have
sure that the river vessel with you would be able to make some hydroelectric
there and to supply electricity for the whole state in the region and the Indian, right?
indigenous community would win royce on top of that everyone would be happy you
want to deceive anyone who doesn’t, so you’re talking about personal miami a
our tilapia now it’s so famous that it’s now going to be a tilapia
remembering that it is not done yet we will accompany the president there
united states and will have an event there with
hello in this pains and international buyers where we will serve there in
lunch right I will only eat there comedy there for Brazilian on American soil and
they are making a very nice video about the production
of tilapia in Brazil and the possibilities for both investors to come to Brazil
that we have a lot of opportunity as well as the fish buyers there
experience our air the award winning tilapia and also the American eats the
Brazilian tilapia sought the title of Flemish in the past as tilapia taking
what the bahia in the store hahaha i'm seeing here that that story of tambaqui
in paulista what business is this look only last year we did here the
tambaqui on the terrace were an absolute success and the producers have only
thank you only have thanked even personally we won plaques me too
because hi today is an Amazonian product a fish
100% Brazilian and many Brazilian captain doesn’t know this fish knows the
cangaço from vietnam knows polish from russia knows cod from norway
knows salmon from chile and doesn’t know brazilian tambaqui so we did a
event in brasília and after that event they sold three times myspace and now
the paulistano citizen there from são paulo also said hey because only brasília does
here also then the association of creators from rondônia in the partnership there
with sebrae with the secretariat of fisheries in the state of agriculture we will do on the 27th
and on March 28 at the fiesp space on avenue paulista we will serve eight thousand bands of
tambaqui for free of course I will only eat once more in love here is very
fat as it is a pacu also has trade at that level he was here in is
more local is more which two will get better
automaquiar is top right I ate opaque when you wine acre mato grosso right 79
80 81 can is very short I was here too I tell you that I prefer opaque is
more the more will have less fat but it’s more tasty it doesn’t like a fish
chubby you like to cheat or not to cheat or not to cheat is not inside me and
two legs business was also not of any kind i just go there something else
here I after it was a 1985 accident that I fractured the four limbs is not
I lost her she brings her loved ones and I became a pay is the faith and I started life
water sports hunting the husband special
diving is very much in the bay of cove and then painted the rare problem did not turn
ecological station can do anything else for you want the night there do for
save you will love huge but you can not do anything there we are
trying to talk to a deputy to see if we revoke the decree of the
station that is bundles so that an area of ​​interest is created there
tourist that would take mangaratiba angra dos reis and paraty we have almost 1
billion dollars from abroad that would come here to invest in that area has a
tourist pole in the world is it looks like I'm not sure that
cancún invoices 12 million doses a year you can be sure we can
bill at least 12 billion reais a year after some time of completion
this area here so I was trying to help Rio de Janeiro
economy helps the economy of brazil that a lot of people from outside of brazil will
disturb the creek ok here is that those locks are mental cheetahs is
mental and hinders progress brazil is there who talking about it you gave me a
time ago decided to release sport fishing in the boys, yes, this three
weeks ago it was released and it was celebrated all over Brazil
Brazil is the one that the positive part you go there from the other freediving is not
bread is everyone going to kill fish which is not easy I don't know could 20
meters with the few people will deepen that tourist that fisherman
amateur if it is 5:00 it is one already ah ok it does not have no giving the means
environment no 10 leaves the Brazilian woman's face here and there
strolling around having fun buying transport will help the local economy a
glove the boat rents out a little motor is a transportation tip in the
shack on the beach many times how many times the campaign in that region diane there
in and canvas shack the normal shack and now what happens because that
was to do look look I've been a deputy 28 years old know my race that some
few deputies want to do staff after they don’t drink right now it was a
great achievement for sport fishing and Brazilian power tourism
fishing in these areas, right? Sports fishing is characterized by fishing and
to be able to release a photo with fish and such and now unfortunately in retaliation for the actions
of the bio cm some deputies want to make a law forbidding to make it not
want i'm going to play the mb sound this through the project is
I’m legislative next week we’re going to name this planetarium here
I’m sure he’s one of those left-wing decos that only knows how to get in the way
the development of Brazil but I do not want to anticipate want to make the name of the speaking
ago who want to knock this one down look for maybe our half to
do not let it revoke that let the guy do give a better bay of
creek in the region beyond the mouth of the ribeira de são paulo in corsa in santa catarina has
some covers for him the northeast is the same thing can leave the staff if
entertaining will be 25 percent of the white ocean of Brazilian waters are healthy
protected by after playing with percent we protected 25 percent water
saltwater they want to protect saltwater and prevented the tourist from making the
your plague enjoy folks we're not talking about boats entering the area
protection doing away with everything to be vision they come
and it is a lie that he serves his wife his son his friends catches the goldfish
photo of grandma the goldfish is this is the goal put the last subject here of
make an advertisement here for record tv premiere the picture now sunday sunday
spectacular and I'm there yesterday at dawn the carioca comedian and
he recorded a relaxed interview with me, you know, I took off my skin afterwards, his house was
for the stick there we publish and right and the next day what happened look that
the following happened as you know that around 8:30 am I go out all the time
right day and then I will work on average 60 for an average of 60 people there today
a little while I spent the morning hours in a little while we have about 60
people he took and they’re his car in the front and he went down with my face with
good morning price range with a box full of banana
side and greeted the people and offered a banana to the press the company didn’t like it
angry right I was watching here I must give it even leave I stopped to talk to
the people of the company who don't even stress me out i'm not talking man is the right my
it's day to ask him yes but ask him a lot of [ __ ] for god's sake
so many years to ask [ __ ] my god in the sky is right and then I saw there
collecting the carioca if I had hired the carioca to do
affront to the press has been he said no I'm here because I only present
fake right for the company asked me or even oblige the gift today is he
manchester in the sheet of são paulo stay and bolsonaro makes a joke joke is the sheet of
são paulo for the beautiful there are people other than this garbage called it was in são paulo
it's awesome, right, so there is no spirit of sporting humor, right and they say
[ __ ] and stuff and what are you tired of seeing for
here the company saying that I delete the reference light as if it were going
work and go to the site, right, and everyone robbed you here to be what you want
do it I take another path this is it you will be assaulted right put it in
my place is in a hurry said that dying everything I know they are doing all of it
want in controversy that he sell which is because you give ibope that's it
when I looked but until I started to spread the truth you
that we are not going to talk to him, forget about young people with 38 thousand people
online congratulations replant reproduced here ours of the 20 thousand are losing
for young pan already cut I'll charge right here but I've seen haha ​​thanks
little young man is transmitting something clearer and the trip of the Lord there to
our rio grande do norte is really a boy
and the people from Rio Grande do Norte, the shrimp-eating people, but it's not
that's right next to the shrimp we are going to go out first white sand
then we will stay only in mossoró ok then it is in mossoró go with us
minister moro has a delivery to do there goes marine rogério that that of the area
is our minister the plague goat the marine rogério will be there too will
make some deliveries and whoever goes there but it was clear even from cristina ss a
area and you do what there is going to stroll we will not deliver and tuna licenses
that our productive sector there the associated schooling fishery that for so many years
they hope we will deliver in person and come on they want to take a picture with the
lord of the kiss this erosion I need from our said kiss is today the businessman
started talking about the qualities the president, right, honest worker
and when I missed this, my father is Pedro, he becomes quality now I will
play right of course is a sun thank you very much for your attention until thursday
if god wants excuse it was a joke but if god wants we will have
good news next week and thing there continues with your doing a job
thank you for spreading out what phase of what we talked about here a large part and a
message to the Brazilian press seriously right, how I would like you to follow
John 8:32 to transmit the truth at the end of the line
newspapers and ferrari's without a problem the bludgeon is open right now it is
the truth doesn’t keep looking for numbers there, which is often distorted
to say that the government is going to have that the government has credibility that the government
it is not democratic then I spoke to the press a little more in the first
what spoke more than squid dilma and fear together and a year I spoke more than
them in 16 years right now you can’t keep talking and make it right look
a weird word there is talking here is thinking right she said that the
guy weighs eight arrobas, that can't be all the controversy, right, he criticized the woman who
he was gay he stayed I don’t know who can’t continue like this we’re
losing that has a person upon creation losing the right to do
joke in brazil everything is for everything now it has to be politically correct i
I want to tell a joke to think is that you sell the fat ones not
gordophobic 'the bald is bald the phobic offend don't know who a bald
with all the time it’s boring to live in Brazil that way
hi hi front thank you so much I hope the press there has a shock of reality
begins to have a boss real matters to tell where the
Brazil is going, right now, it's no use here, we won't spend as much as if
spent with the press in the past was absurd that happened right and maybe because
because of that maybe you attack us all the time and set up a power of attorney
because we won’t lose to the left now it happens in
anywhere in uruguay because i was treated very well it was the people in the place
I didn’t upload a video I don’t know which audio I was booed and applauded
time a person a person and it was in the middle of the people to show up here I had
been elected president of uruguay and is based anywhere in the world will
surely the same thing in miami is I don't know which city is going
wash the american lakes and then
and who goes to the river is that sure then throat recognized well treated and
do not weigh it speaks well I risked investing in Brazil and people I believe
in Brazil and I'm sure that in the future we will deliver Brazil so that
we came to lose much less than what I received in January 2019 good night
see you all by thursday if god wants a big hug thanks ok leandro
hello alright beauty